README.md, before:

# Methodic: Tasks & Goals

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals/tree/develop.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals/tree/develop)
[![Inline docs](http://inch-ci.org/github/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals.svg?branch=develop)](http://inch-ci.org/github/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals?branch=develop)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals)
[![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/badges/github.com/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals.svg)](https://gemnasium.com/github.com/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals)
[![Stories in Progress](https://badge.waffle.io/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals.svg?label=in%20progress&title=in%20progress)](http://waffle.io/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals)

The initial implementation of the Methodic Tasks & Goals task and goal management application. This first iteration of this application will be heavily influenced by Wunderlist, the application that Tasks & Goals is replacing in the Methodic workflow. Ultimately this project, along side similar projects, will act as the precursors for the Methodic Microservice Ecosystem (MME).

## Dependencies

- Redis (for Resque)

## License

The code that constitutes Methodic's Tasks & Goals is released under the [MIT License](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/MIT) unless stated otherwise.

The Methodic and Tasks & Goals branding are copyright Methodic Limited all rights reserved.

Commit message:

Docs: Add instructions to the README describing the processes necessary for the reminder feature

README.md, after:

# Methodic: Tasks & Goals

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals/tree/develop.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals/tree/develop)
[![Inline docs](http://inch-ci.org/github/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals.svg?branch=develop)](http://inch-ci.org/github/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals?branch=develop)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals)
[![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/badges/github.com/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals.svg)](https://gemnasium.com/github.com/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals)
[![Stories in Progress](https://badge.waffle.io/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals.svg?label=in%20progress&title=in%20progress)](http://waffle.io/methodic-io/tasks-and-goals)

The initial implementation of the Methodic Tasks & Goals task and goal management application. This first iteration of this application will be heavily influenced by Wunderlist, the application that Tasks & Goals is replacing in the Methodic workflow. Ultimately this project, along side similar projects, will act as the precursors for the Methodic Microservice Ecosystem (MME).

## Dependencies

- Redis (for Resque)

## Running an instance

All of the following must be running for the reminder functionality to work:

```sh
$ bundle exec rails s
$ bundle exec rake resque:scheduler
$ QUEUE=reminders bundle exec rake resque:work
```

## License

The code that constitutes Methodic's Tasks & Goals is released under the [MIT License](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/MIT) unless stated otherwise.

The Methodic and Tasks & Goals branding are copyright Methodic Limited all rights reserved.
